Add test cases for API endpoints and mock service implementation (#4)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-hubspot.crm.extensions.timelines: docs/spec/sanitations.md

**Original**:

```json
    "createdAt" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "description" : "The date and time that the Event Template was created, as an ISO 8601 timestamp. Will be null if the template was created before Feb 18th, 2020.",
            "format" : "datetime"
          },
```

**Updated**:

```json
    "createdAt" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "description" : "The date and time that the Event Template was created, as an ISO 8601 timestamp. Will be null if the template was created before Feb 18th, 2020.",
            "format" : "datetime",
            "nullable" : true
          },
```

**Reason**: The properties `"createdAt"` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold their respective values or be null, to fix payload binding error.

5. Update the `createdAt` property in `TimelineEventResponse` to support nullable values

**Original**:

```json
    "createdAt" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "format" : "datetime"
          },
**Updated**:
    "createdAt" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "format" : "datetime",
            "nullable": true
          },

> ```

Reviewer: There is a formatting issue here. Can you check and fix that?

Author: afca0fc5ef9d9f0adb9a2122ffe6da0b030b7eb3 added

**Reason**: The `date-time` format is not compatible with the OpenAPI tool. Therefore, it is updated to `datetime` to make it compatible with the tool.

> 4. Make `"createdAt"` properties in `"TimelineEventTemplate"` object nullable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Update the `createdAt` property in `TimelineEventTemplate` to support nullable values
```

> **Original**:
>     "createdAt" : {
>             "type" : "string",
>             "description" : "The date and time that the Event Template was created, as an ISO 8601 timestamp. Will be null if the template was created before Feb 18th, 2020.",
>             "format" : "datetime"
>           },
> **Updated**:
>     "createdAt" : {
>             "type" : "string",
>             "description" : "The date and time that the Event Template was created, as an ISO 8601 timestamp. Will be null if the template was created before Feb 18th, 2020.",
>             "format" : "datetime",
>             "nullable" : true
>           },
> 
> **Reason**: The properties `"createdAt"` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold their respective values or be null, to fix payload binding error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Original**:
```json
    "createdAt" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "description" : "The date and time that the Event Template was created, as an ISO 8601 timestamp. Will be null if the template was created before Feb 18th, 2020.",
            "format" : "datetime"
          }
```

**Updated**:
```json
    "createdAt" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "description" : "The date and time that the Event Template was created, as an ISO 8601 timestamp. Will be null if the template was created before Feb 18th, 2020.",
            "format" : "datetime",
            "nullable" : true
          },
```

**Reason**: The properties `createdAt` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold their respective values or be null, to fix payload binding error.

```

Reviewer: Let's wrap json values inside `json` blocks (eg: ` ```json {"key": "value"}``` `)

Reviewer: Check for other places

Author: 1ef0cbf4fc0e2c67a4b977d3e1572abe234b2fa2 I have added the necessary changes

> 5. Make `"createdAt"` properties in `"TimelineEventResponse"` object nullable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Update the `createdAt` property in `TimelineEventResponse` to support nullable values
```

**Original**:
    "createdAt" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "format" : "datetime"
          },
**Updated**:
    "createdAt" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "format" : "datetime",
            "nullable": true
          },

**Reason**: The properties `"createdAt"` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold their respective values or be null, to fix payload binding error.

> 6. Make `"objectPropertyName"` properties in `"TimelineEventTemplateToken"` object nullable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Update the `objectPropertyName` property in `TimelineEventTemplateToken` to support nullable values
```

**Original**:
    "objectPropertyName" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "description" : "The name of the CRM object property. This will populate the CRM object property associated with the event. With enough of these, you can fully build CRM objects via the Timeline API.",
            "example" : "customPropertyPetType"
    }
**Updated**:
    "objectPropertyName" : {
            "type" : "string",
            "description" : "The name of the CRM object property. This will populate the CRM object property associated with the event. With enough of these, you can fully build CRM objects via the Timeline API.",
            "example" : "customPropertyPetType",
            "nullable" : true
    }

> **Reason**: The properties `"objectPropertyName"` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold their respective values or be null, to fix payload binding error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Reason**: The property `objectPropertyName` is updated to be nullable, meaning it can either hold their respective values or be null, to fix a payload binding error.
```
